hey guys April 26th and went out and
looked in some fields this morning just
for a little bit along one of the creeks
here behind my house back that way over
that little Bluff there and mostly
broken ones today I didn't film I
usually don't film broken ones but uh
thought I just show you the the
collection from this morning typical
woodland stuff that I usually find along
the camps along the creek and pretty
neat colorful stuff that's probably my
only whole artifact of the day I don't
even know really what it is maybe a
scraper have a knife
petes these pieces
this would have been pretty cool I call
that a stone square stemmed it's pretty
much the same as a an deadly but there's
a slight difference I think and it's I
don't know at least seen bill maybe a
little bit more refined in the chipping
that's a pretty pretty good-sized point
and then this oh no I'm kind of ball
game ball may be here who knows but
while I got you on here i thought i'd
show you this pipe i think i may have
showed you these before in a previous
video a long time ago but got these in
the safe this is st. Charles here's my
best stone artifact found this in the
cave up there in my place almost afraid
to even hold it it's just awesome
it's ground
super piece and two pipes I found both
in that in that cave of mine found this
one almost been about four or five years
ago this one is i would say museum grade
i never could put a price on i don't
sell any more facts anyway like today
it's absolutely perfect still got you
can see in the bowl here it's been fired
they use it quite a bit looks like and
then not too long after that I found
this one this would have been perfect
except that it's as a little bit of a
tip here missing but they probably still
used it pipes are pretty rare around
here so i'm i'm pretty pretty happy that
i found found two of them obviously but
anyway that's pretty neat free neat
stuff
so hope you guys are having luck out
there we get a lot of rain last few days
feels just aren't quite settled enough
to really be real good yet so i might
look in my food plot they're here in the
afternoon so well we'll talk to you guys
later